Wip/32 save colors (#44)
hpi-swa-teaching/SketchMorph2: packages/SketchMorph2-Core.package/M2CustomizableColorMorph.class/README.md

> A M2CustomizableColorMorph is anM2ColorMorph that has no assigned color by default and can accept a color. The color can be cleared after being set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An M2CustomizableColorMorph is an M2ColorMorph that has no assigned color by default and can accept a color. The color can be cleared after being set.
```
